Docs (#1335)
anatawa12/AvatarOptimizer: .docs/content/docs/tutorial/basic-usage/index.md

{{< /hint >}}

{{< hint info >}}

### Applying non-destructive tools manually {#how-to-manual-bake}

> You can use `NDM Framework/Manual bake avatar` on the context menu of the Avatar GameObject to manually generate the avatar with applied non-destructive tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `NDM Framework/Manual bake avatar` on the context menu of the Avatar GameObject to apply non-destructive tools manually.
```
